welcome to the program we begin in Gaza
where Israeli forces have launched
attacks on several areas in the central
parts of the strip including al- magazi
and ALB refugee camps in alnus bombs
reduced homes to rubble and killed at
least 16 Palestinians dozens more were
injured and rushed to a makeshift
Hospital Israeli forces have killed more
than 34,000 Palestinians in Gaza since
October the 7th meanwhile in De Bal
Israeli war planes targeted a group of
people in the city center the wounded
have been taken to Alexa hospital for
treatment many of them are children Hy
Mahmud is our correspondent standing by
for us in southern Gaza a short time ago
honey when we were speaking the Israeli
drones were above your head what's the
situation like there now knowing that
strikes happen both day and
[Music]
night well not only we're seeing drones
and reconnaissance aircrafts hover at a
very low level here in the skies of Rafa
City just deepening the sense of
shattered safety and pretty much hurting
people to areas where they think it
might be safe uh for them to shelter in
but uh at the same time these very
drones are carrying out attacks in the
Central Area mainly in D B City where
within the past hour group of people
near a residential home that they were
Sheltering in were targeted three people
reported killed right away and with
several other injuries all reported to
Ala uh hospital that just happened
within the past couple hours uh as we
were preparing for the earlier uh report
the initial reports stated that it was a
car but then later on we learned from a
source on the ground it was only a group
of people who were simply outside the
residential home that they have been
Sheltering in since they were displaced
from the northern part uh of the Gaza
Strip and this is the the pattern that
we've seen within the past couple days
within the past couple weeks more of it
is happening where families entire
families a group of people at any
possible Gathering whether it's small or
big are being targeted deliberately uh
the past two weeks the attacks on the
children and playground is another
indication of how deliberate and they're
basically no terms to what's going on on
the ground whatsoever these drones right
now here are pretty much a bad alond for
people here because as soon as they are
in the skies it's just causing a great
deal of panic and concern for people
because you don't know when are they
going to strike and where are they going
to strike yeah a menacing sound
certainly that we can hear uh in the
studio and of course it's being
transmitted globally as well to our
viewers Hanny um we often say you know
where should we focus our attention
there is so much to discuss whether it's
the impending threat of a Rafa incursion
is the aid getting through at all
through any of the um gateways into Gaza
or again as you've just mentioned the
strikes that come day and night let's
just talk about the the tension that
there is in Rafa at the moment about
this ongoing Threat by the Israelis of
an
[Music]
incursion well it's quite a draining for
the 1.5 million displaced Palestinians
in Raa City in addition to the local
residents here who literally have no
safe place to go to and that's not not
to say that ra has been largely safe in
fact it has been targeted repeatedly and
more relentlessly equally as areas of
the wrist of the G strip that were
bombed relentlessly by the air strikes
more people have died here AC throughout
the past 6 months because of the
Relentless air strikes and the sheer
level of Destruction caused here there
areas of RA here they're completely
without any Social Services whatsoever
just forcing people into more internal
displacement and on top of that the
shortage of of food supplies and medical
supplies particularly we are able to see
here and document the daily struggle of
people here at the Kuwait Hospital
trying to get uh treatment from the
hospital but the hospital with its
insufficient medical staff as well as
the the shortage of medical supplies
unable to provide any sufficient
treatment whatsoever perhaps the most
tragic thing that's going on is the
ongoing discovery of massive Graves that
put more pressure in people and just
shatter their any sense of safety right
now or sense of psychological willbe is
the discovery of almost 200 bodies in
the fourth in a fourth massive grave in
arob there has been within the past in
these four major discoveries of these
massive grave across the gas the
northern part and Gaza City we were able
to document this massive grave and
retrieve of bodies from Naser hospital
as of
yesterday make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer